README.md, before:

# Setup Node app with private git dependencies

If your app uses any private git dependencies, heroku `npm install` will fail. To get around that, you would need to tap into heroku's build process so that right before `npm install` is called, you provide heroku with a private ssh key that it can use to access your repos.

Here is how you go about doing that.

### Steps
- In your `package.json`, add the following (This tells heroku to run the `preinstall` script before `npm install` and the `postinstall` after `npm install`)
```
"scripts": {
    "preinstall": "make deploy-key-setup || true",
    "postinstall": "make deploy-key-teardown || true"
  }
```
- In your `Makefile`, add the following
```
deploy-key-setup:
 curl --remote-name https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Shyp/heroku-private-dependency-setup/master/initiate
 chmod +x initiate
 ./initiate setup

deploy-key-teardown:
 curl --remote-name https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Shyp/heroku-private-dependency-setup/master/initiate
 chmod +x initiate
 ./initiate teardown
```
- Create a new machine user on Github that has read access to the private repos you need.
- Create an ssh key by following these [steps] (https://help.github.com/articles/generating-an-ssh-key/)
- Save the public key to Github
- Base64 encode the private key you just generated
- Configure an environment variable for heroku to use
`heroku config:set DEPLOY_SSH_PRIVATE_KEY={BASE64_MACHINE_USER_PRIVATE_KEY} --app {APP_NAME}`

Once you deploy - you should be all setup!

Commit message:

Rename to shyp-toolkit
And add a new bin folder where scripts should live.
Also update the README

README.md, after:

# Shyp Toolkit

The Shyp toolkit serves as home to various scripts that multiple Shyp apps use throughout the deployment pipeline

## Setup Node app with private git dependencies

If your app uses any private git dependencies, heroku `npm install` will fail. To get around that, you would need to tap into heroku's build process so that right before `npm install` is called, you provide heroku with a private ssh key that it can use to access your repos.

Here is how you go about doing that.

### Steps
- In your `package.json`, add the following (This tells heroku to run the `preinstall` script before `npm install` and the `postinstall` after `npm install`)
```
"scripts": {
    "preinstall": "make deploy-key-setup || true",
    "postinstall": "make deploy-key-teardown || true"
  }
```
- In your `Makefile`, add the following
```
deploy-key-setup:
  $$(npm bin)/deploy-key setup

deploy-key-teardown:
  $$(npm bin)/deploy-key teardown
```
- Create a new machine user on Github that has read access to the private repos you need.
- Create an ssh key by following these [steps] (https://help.github.com/articles/generating-an-ssh-key/)
- Save the public key to Github
- Base64 encode the private key you just generated
- Configure an environment variable for heroku to use
`heroku config:set DEPLOY_SSH_PRIVATE_KEY={BASE64_MACHINE_USER_PRIVATE_KEY} --app {APP_NAME}`

Once you deploy - you should be all setup!
